Doc/Core#693 - Remove clean_entities attribute from CoreSection (#519)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/manuals/core/versioning/experiment_mode.md

> As you can see, this time the number of scenarios displayed is 2. Indeed, we run the "0.1" version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, this time, the number of scenarios displayed is 2. Indeed, we run the "0.1" version
```

>     Hint: You can migrate your old entities so they become compatible with the new configuration or
>     you can ensure your code is compatible with both versions of data nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Hint: You can migrate your old entities to become compatible with the new configuration or
    ensure your code is compatible with both versions of data nodes.
```

# Delete a version

To delete an experiment version, you can use the `taipy manage-versions` with the `--delete`
option on the Taipy CLI and provide the version name (see the
[Manage versions on Taipy CLI page](../../cli/manage-versions.md) for more details).

```console
$ taipy manage-versions --delete 0.1

> Successfully delete version 0.1 from the production version list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Successfully deleted version 0.1 from the production version list.
```
